god I love my music producer Chris
Brander has it all I saw you flirting
with me out there don't you do that to
your boyfriend we're just friends but in
high school things were a little
different you mean more to me than
anyone in this whole world really I love
you Chris oh brother your friends right
God ten years later
touring with a world's hottest pop star
we'll take him home for the holidays hi
mom
this is my brother Mike you're hot I now
know when he sees the girl he never
forgot Jamie he's going to get a second
chance
oh my god
to win his first love Wow Chris Jamie
palamino but it's going to be a lot
harder we're gonna be more than just
friends
Wow they need my skates to show off my
talent better than before
then he ever thought I'm sorry okay
worry Chris you're gonna be fine Jamie
palamino dusty dinkleman compete with
this guy you see him play that guitar
it's like he has 15 fingers nice outfit
by the way rock and you wine cinema
presents not the same person I was in
high school pal you always be fat to me
Chris Ryan Leno's Amy Smart Anna Faris
and Chris Klein they they go the
terrible I went in for kiss but she
wants a hug let me get caught in a sort
of kiss hug limbo type thing
body shake just friends hey Merry
Christmas neighbor
you